Is the destiny of mankind controlled by some transcendental entity or law?
Is it like the hand of God hovering above?
At least it is true...
...that man has no control, even over his own will.
O prince...
O prince of the unforgiven...
We are honored to be received in audience...
We shall meet again in another world...
We are your kin...
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes their phrase.
Even mother will show you another way.
So put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame. There's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I... ...can... I can get it off.
Tell me what... Tell me what... Tell me what you want.
I don't know why... Don't know why...
Don't know why you're afraid.
Tell me what... Tell me what... Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why... Don't know why... Too late...
It's too late.
Infiltration
Are you sure there's a secret passage in this dismal place?
Our sources are reliable.
If it's so easy to find, then who would need the help of us mercenaries?
Found it.
I guess we're not needed.
Pippin.
There's no mistake.
This is it.
Right, let's go.
Wait a minute.
I understand that Pippin and Judeau need to come along...
...but you're the commander now. Are you sure you should come?
If something were to happen to you...
Our mission is to rescue Griffith.
We have the highest chance to succeed...
...if all four of our strongest members take on the operation.
Yeah, but...
You're worried, aren't you?
Don't make me laugh!
I'm a stronger swordsman than either of them.
Don't bring your personal feelings into this matter.
Obey your commander's orders!
Remember... ...I can still cover your back.
Don't forget that.
Yeah...
Let's go.
Griffith...
You were always looking up to the sky...
To climb higher... To soar higher... That's all you wanted to do.
You were a hawk flying alone, reaching for the highest point...
That's right...
You were always watching us from above...
Never here on the ground with the rest of us...
Calm, cool, and always on the alert.
Do you really need a reason...
...each time I decide to lay my life on the line for you?
Letting nothing stand in your path to victory...
Do you find me vile?
Griffith can't go on without you!
If that's true...
If that's the real truth...
Then I...
Pull yourself together.
Griffith will be back soon.
There's no way in hell I'm going to die...
Not without seeing Griffith...
Even if I need a thousand more stitches in me...
Rickert, we need some more water.
Got it.
When Griffith returns...
It'll be the resurrection of the Band of the Hawk!
Everyone is in good spirits...
Because Griffith will be back soon...
As long as Griffith comes back, then...
A fairy?
I saw it...
...with my very own eyes. There's no doubt.
The enemy?
Why now?
Just a little more...
All we needed was a little more time, and Griffith would be back!
We can't let them destroy us! Not now!
Hey...
Where is everyone?
Run...
Rickert...
It can't...
This can't be real!
What...
What's going on?
I'm amazed we learned about this secret passage.
We have supporters inside.
Wait.
Supporters of the resistance movement...
You must be the Band of the Hawk.
We are at your service.
The Band of the Hawk's Casca.
What do you mean by supporters?
They're from Princess Charlotte.
Oh...
We don't have very much time until dawn.
We must get to where Griffith's being kept as soon as possible.
Right.
We'll take it from here.
Darkness... True darkness, where not a single ray of light can be found.
How long have I been lying here in this darkness?
An eternity...
...or perhaps a fleeting moment.
I feel nothing...
It's as if my body is floating in space...
I wonder... Have I managed to preserve my sanity?
Or has it already been lost long ago?
And yet...
...here in this empty, hollow world...
...one thing is clear in my mind.
Him alone...
...like lightning splitting through the darkness...
He appears in my mind so vividly.
Over and over again like the waves of a tsunami...
Hatred...
Friendship...
Jealousy...
Frustration...
Helplessness...
Affection... Sorrow...
They all come together into a giant vortex...
They pin my fading consciousness down so that it doesn't slip away.
The one who caused this... My confinement in this darkness...
Will now...
...become my only chance at survival.
When did it happen? This man, whose life was once in my hands...
When did I fall into his powerful clutches?
And now...
In my mind I see him radiating so brightly it pierces my eyes.
Guts!
Griffith?
Is he in a different cell?
No, he has to be here on the lowest level.
Griffith?
Grif...
Gri...
Griffith...
The tendons in his arms and legs have been slashed...
And his tongue...
Casca, the keys!
Casca!
Stay there!
Stay where you are!
This isn't possible.
This can't be Griffith...
Guts...
Griffith!
There's no escaping now...
The guards and soldiers will be here any minute...
And in a year, you'll all be looking just like him...
You bastard...
So you're the bastard who destroyed his body...
That's right.
I haven't had that much fun in a long time.
You don't come across a specimen as splendid as him very often.
When you're as experienced as I am in the profession of torture...
...not only do you appreciate the beauty that's on the surface...
...but also the beauty beneath the skin, in the tendons, muscles, and veins.
He really was exquisite.
It's no use.
This door is four times thicker than your average door.
Don't move!
Put down your weapons and surrender!
Stick with me and don't fall back!
Guts!
How dare you?
What the hell are you all doing?
Shoot them!
You idiots!
Who said to retreat?
Hold your ground!
Hurry!
What's taking them so long?
There are thirty of our soldiers against just the four of them!
How can it be so difficult?
Yes, but, sir...
...they're led by that man, the hundred-man slayer!
Don't be stupid!
How can we be sure that their raider commander himself is here?
No...
Besides, myths like that are born in times of war...
...when stories get exaggerated.
There is no man in the world who can slay a hundred armed soldiers.
Maybe ten soldiers at the very most.
That is definitely him...
The Band of the Hawk's ruthless commander... Guts!
It's Hundred-Man Guts himself!
Surround him! What are you waiting for?
Seize him!
But, sir...
You idiots!
He's been waving his huge sword around while chasing after our men...
He's out of breath.
You fools!
If your enemy sees you hesitating, you've already lost the battle.
Put your lives on the line and see how ruthless the battlefield is!
Guts!
Advance!
Where are they?
See, it was too much for just the four of them...
No... You're wrong. They'll be back.
I'm sure of it.
Guts...
What a disgrace!
If we let them get away, the king will never forgive us.
Pursue them!
We're going to head them off and then ambush them!
Yes, sir!
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight. You're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying your crown?
I'm spending my glass, walking back.
So wear my glass. You're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode
Beloved memories... Hope for survival...
All have been lost at the end of the journey.
Hearts bleeding, they stand still...
...full of regret and sorrow.
Despite all this, will mankind still live on?
Only the wind is left to tell us that the dream is now over.
Eve of the Feast